Project:Wyvern [Deta't]

as america increases in its fascismic ways, there should be a counter force against ICE and FLOCK/PALENTIR
this counter force is the 7 factions of revolution. under the leadership of the RA
there will be change brought to the current governence, declairing independance and marking leadership.
the RA shall not be backed by super pacs or lobbies but through the funding of the american people & foreign allies
the goal of the counter force is to destablize america,create opposition to emperialism and unchecked genocidal power
and company interest politicians.
the proletariats under 1 government, 50 sovern nations,and no union,or mass unity which they can be taken advantage of.
messures to counter ICE will be by the liberation of detention centers and prisons, the extermination of loyalist sympathizers
and the just force nessasary to end racial and migrational injustice.
immagrants will be deported into the sovern state,and will be protected and given rights under the new government, in a sort of segregated
and protected nation to counter fascism & racial profiling.

the coup of a state is the rise of a nation, free from unity,just in law,ruling as own and free to oppose the union.
trans & lgbtq+ individuals shall be under the protection of such sovern state.
along with migrant,assylum,black/native and poc,defectors of war shall be under its wing as its own citizens will unalienable rights.

roads and capital shall be shut down, target the power grids and wifi networks
while under coup, nation will be in dark, while the light will shine bright as ever once fullfilled.
free from rule, under nation shall be governence of democratic,anarchismic communism.
factions under this mission would primarilly be:
aid
ground
intellegence
command
enforcement.

purge of current policing and survaling, by either arrest or disbandonment.
by no efforts of death, there shall bring secured borders and the growth in recruitment as prisons are liberated
and placed into custody of the RA.

freedom to the people.
